gh-99880: document rounding mode for new-style formatting (#121481)
python/cpython: Doc/library/string.rst

   |         | as altered by the other format modifiers.                |
   +---------+----------------------------------------------------------+

The result should be correctly rounded to a given precision ``p`` of digits
after the decimal point.  For :class:`float`, used rounding mode match the one

> for :func:`round` builtin, i.e. it should round results midway between

Author: ```suggestion
for :func:`round` builtin, i.e. it will round results midway between
```
?

> The result should be correctly rounded to a given precision ``p`` of digits
> after the decimal point.  For :class:`float`, used rounding mode match the one
> for :func:`round` builtin, i.e. it should round results midway between
> representable values toward the nearest value with an even (0) least
> significant bit.  For :class:`~decimal.Decimal`, rounding mode of the current
> :ref:`context <decimal-context>` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result should be correctly rounded to a given precision ``p`` of digits
after the decimal point.  The rounding mode for :class:`float` matches that
of the :func:`round` builtin.  For :class:`~decimal.Decimal`, the rounding
mode of the current :ref:`context <decimal-context>` will be used.
```

No need to restate what is already specified for `round`. People could just click on the corresponding link.

Reviewer: Ok, so it's not a ROUND_HALF_TO_EVEN. But I don't know how to call it. It's ROUND_HALF_TO_EVEN_NDIGITS instead but is there an official name for it?

Author: > Ok, so it's not a ROUND_HALF_TO_EVEN.

It's ``FE_TONEAREST`` of Annex F or ``ROUND_HALF_EVEN`` in the decimal module.
